[Music]
Hey friends how are you? Well I hope
you're enjoying the day
kids how are you? Well, you know
that today I'm going all out today we have a session in
the court of vices of Johnny against
hunger here and well, those of us who are going to be
live, there's no live here on this
channel but we do have live shows then
the main channel I don't know what time I
'll be uploading this surely by the
time I'm uploading it we'll already be
live with Javi Oliveira the
main channel you can join whenever you want we have
n't started yet because the
trial honestly ends late
site they're dragging on a lot so
when it's over whatever time it is,
we'll do the live show summarizing a bit and
covering the most important and
powerful points of the trial, not that this week
being the last we thought not but
yes, some pretty interesting things are piling up I
recommend
all of you of course that you subscribe
to both this channel and the others to
stay up to date with all the salsa fans like
this one that I'm going to tell us let's see how
you all take it  look,
precisely in a previous video
this afternoon we were talking about my area
probably wanting to get
attention notice that without coming to the point she
responded to this tweet from Susana who
is a girl that I really don't dislike at
all xala I thought that I would talk to
her en masse the girl and the whole thing
milk but I don't understand this laughing
with the juas juas juas I think it's like
splitting my sides laughing I think I'll upload Susana let's
see we are talking about something else
another one give something different I don't think
Susana well they don't have a very good one on top
Alex de Mieres and because personally she doesn't like
her or I don't know if there is another type
of question but it could also be because of
the 8 issue you will remember that Susana
had a lot of affinity with 8 and I think they
had a chip I don't know if real not real
in the end I don't know what happened I remember that she
already did like a live show she
recognized me but management the nine
memories I would have to see it but yes, she
had a lot of affinities good vibes at least friendly with eight and maybe
the issue of at eight well that would also
affect the opinion that I have no but
puts this tweet what do you think of your of
your or your snow what do you think
of your is and mieres responds making
almost a ratio evidently the ratio
well they are the same as always there is no
internet control that is pigeonholed
this is a lot of people who will tell me that it is that he has
not put the name of the ex
please let's see family I think that I think there is
no need for us to enter into a debate
or to convince ourselves of who and what is
behind this bid no yes it is true
that then to exterminate in the girlfriend that he
has because now he spends
some joke already with some
emoji there for the comment
too but in another separate thread okay I was not
following the thread of the joke joke in
quotes from my area in which she says let's
see as if saying let's see if I
told you not everything that there is to say about
my boyfriend no that I have not said about my ex not
everything that there is to say about me is what I have
not said enough yet no let's
see let's see and the other one laughs she already puts on
a face of yes I think she
always gives the same understanding no
like now that you see what you've been through you have to
see what they endured it's been
67 years, they don't know how long it's been going on but
come on it's a lifetime what it's been going
on and we continue with the refrain it would be
like legally there hasn't been a journey
where I don't know the truth we continue with
the refrain years go by I think that
not years will go by but
decades will go by decades will go by and they will continue
with the taunts and with the same story
not only but the environment sometimes when it happens
that we are already into other
things when there is some salseros the same
well like this thread we can't
comment on it but yes it comes to me in tui from the
same ones not because of him it's the mother out there
putting in an indirect also it has been useful it is
directly not recently they sent me a
tweet from the mother alluding to like
the video this one wanted to give before late or
that all the things that she said it's not that
you can have your experience that
you can live your experience as you
consider it if as you have lived it that
you can consider that you have lived
a traumatic situation you don't think
how you want but I think that after six
or seven years you look for this series  of
tweets or tell you with this series of
tweets on your TV and you have to answer
to generate controversy because
obviously as a public figure with
half a million followers
on social media, I don't know how many they have on Twitter
but I think they have like 300 thousand 300 thousand
on Instagram I don't know how many on YouTube
you know why you're putting shampoo you do
n't know perfectly well there are many
years of things to overcome being that
maybe if some of you don't want Dallas
not only to be insults
to Dallas and so on but to everyone and everything
around them
and I think this is going to last for decades and
a [ __ ] like this in the end there
can always be resentment it's not good to live
with resentment but you can always have
resentment you're always going to have it
pigeonholed as your enemy it's not like
the enemy of your life not the person that
if we say the person that you don't
want to know anything about either you're not putting
this type of tourist well she she's
like she has it very present no and not
only in pushes on Twitter but
when  when it comes to interacting with people we see
how she always tries to block
the youtuber who comments a lot
that I will give them a follow when you see
that they talk to Dallas, that is, her, her
and the environment, not what I was saying,
like she focuses her relationships, whether
positive or negative, like they get along
with people who they know are
against talas, it's like a requirement and to
people who more or less have no
friendship but rather cordiality with
Dallas or simply look at hello and goodbye, we
don't get into each other's lives because
we are here working, whatever, those
deliveries are discarded from their lives, a
follow maybe even blocked, it's not
like for me in my opinion it's like
life still revolves around a
person who I'm not
supposed to want to know anything about, I don't know, maybe I've got the
wrong eye, I say my
opinion, maybe I don't know if I
will, she has another ex on whom she can spend
this kind of dagger, okay, let's see, each one,
there are people who think the earth is
flat, be careful, family, what do
you think about this, of course, always
with respect, okay, look  What a coincidence, he
rarely comes out. Look, he
came out here a couple of times today, but I think he
also wants a hug,
family, and I'll see you in the next
video.
[Music]